Started playing with the code and ended up basically implementing the
tempOnDay function. The function can currently only read .dat files, specifically
.dat files that are structured in the way the provided .dat file with
data from Uppsala is. 
The code is tested and works fine as far as I can tell it is not yet 
commented however. 

Calle - 30/10-18

Implemented a second function which can read file of the format .csv.
As before the code is tested and seems to be working as intended but 
is not yet commented.

Calle - 08/11-18

Adds a method called tempSpectrogram() that so far only can read the data from the uppsala file. It makes a 2d graph with the PCOL option but it can be changed to a SURF1 or whatever you feel like BUT it takes forever to draw the surfacegraphs.

Will start work on a way of doing the same with the other data files.

Jonas - 9/11-18

Managed to merge the two functions into a single function capable of 
reading both the .csv files aswell as the .dat file. Also added an error
message if the loaded file is of the wrong format i.e not a .dat or .csv 
file. Finally I made the output look a little nicer with it now displaying
which date we are looking at. The code is still not commented but is working
fine with the files I have tested.

Calle - 09/11-18

Fixed an issue with the code not being able to read all .csv files as they
are not all formated precisely the same. Had to remove stod() and to_string()
as they are not available pre c++11 and my project partners are using an earlier
version. I am now using stringstream to do these operations instead. Also had to 
change the argument of when loading the file with ifstream to a const char instead
of a string which again had to do with me using c++11. Made some small changes to 
the bash output and added a title to the histogram. Added an error message if the 
path does not lead to a .csv or .dat file. Code is working fine and is semi-commented.

Calle - 10/11-18

The method tempSpectrogram has changed name to DataView3D.
The DataView3D(Int_t startYear, Int_t endYear, bool isUppsala, Int_t startTime=666, Int_t endTime=666)
plots a 2D/3D graph that shows the data points in a window specified by the user.
The first two arguments specify between which year to look, the third argument is true if
you want to look at the uppsala data, else its false.
The two last arguments are only for the CSV files. There you can specify which timewindow
of the day you want to view datapoints from.

There seems to be some very mysterious problem with how the range of the axis are set, sometimes
it works and sometimes it doesnt. I have not been able to figure out why this is. 
Also, for some reason the graph can only show points, if I try to make a surface plot it becomes a flat surface at 0...

Jonas - 10/11-18

Put some finishing touches on the function such as removing the title I added and adding 
a legend instead. Also finished commenting the code

Calle - 11/11-18
